hey everyone so today i have just like a
mini hardy and have a few things to tell
you but first I'm just going to start
with the hall because I have to go
really quick because and we were ready
to leave um I'm in trying to guess
prioritize this week but ok like a lot
of fun i come in just a couple of days
and yesterday let's Oh yesterday I was
just really busy sewing it getting like
a video or anything so I'm just going to
show you what I got you straight
yesterday um I went to ATT to get a new
phone because my iphone completely
messed up like that I had it for about
three years and like I completely
completely lost battery so I don't get
no phone so i guess i'll just show you
guys money from i did have a 3gs and i
didn't have enough money to get the
iphone four yet so i just got another
3gs because my contract was up and so it
was not announcing split I just got it
this is money awesome and I mean just it
doesn't have a camera on them on the
front it doesn't have Siri but you know
for me it works and i really like
iphones and i just wanted to get another
one side yeah but that's the case then
yeah so where where am I I changing is
dicey penis is practically outside it so
I just walked in i yesterday spend about
ten dollars on some stuffs all i really
wanted some of these shorts so i could
work out in and just lounge around me in
and they were thirteen dollars I got
them on sale for five dollars and I just
love them the real soft and he's got
like the mess on the side and they're
grey and like neon paint really cute and
comfy and soft so near next I just got a
sports bra and this was I don't know how
much it was but because the stickers on
top of it but it was until for four
dollars and it's just paint & grace drop
saying in the back it kind of crosses
and that's about it okay I didn't
yesterday we're my family came in and
everything um my aunt I actually i
started i was on day
debs website and they had like this I
want in like a jean jacket so bad for
school and stuff and I never had an
enjoyable for so this is what sucks I
didn't know what size I war and sitting
on tribal wars are just how did he get
Romania minute and I'm so surprised
because I actually end of a large but I
forget me this jean jacket so yeah it's
really nice I'm thinking about kissing
man but I just don't know yet it's just
got like it's the stress on the pockets
and summer I see you soon on this side
and it's just certain I through the back
of it um it was 28 CT but altogether it
was about $31 I don't want to take it
back but should I run at all Jesse James
and see if they have them because i
found my JCP news yesterday that was
actually an extra small and I was like I
don't know if they had any more lace but
I want to try to see if I can find one
in a large and try to see if that works
and not that I'm just going to keep this
one and try to make it work it doesn't
feel really bad but it works so oh if I
do actually give another check and i'll
definitely show you guys I definitely
let you guys know but alright so the
things out today is yesterday because um
where I had so much family coming in my
boyfriend need him up like I told you
guys he was really him but we did not
like a boyfriend tag because ended up
spending almost all day yesterday there
I just went to itt you go get my new
phone um I was basically promised that I
would get my new phone and I really
needed a new phone and I wasn't even
involved her learning a new phone and I
was kind of missing mine so I went up
there to greet my phone and I saw always
and I wait to Joe subpoenas and do all
that stuff you guys so I'm sorry that we
did not get to make the boyfriend tag
but we will make it as soon as possible
um he leaned is about 20 minutes away
from me honestly and it's really hard
for us to get back and forth to each
other and we're trying to figure out
something so that we can't it's always
we can make the point from tagged
because he really doesn't want
and yeah but let's say I don't know okay
and other than to tell you is that in
three more days I'm starting school so i
don't know if i will be able to make the
rest of my videos for back to school
before i go back to school because today
I have to go see them first holiday with
my family and bicycle today I'm doing is
going to go see if I can find the jacket
before school so let's see I'm going to
go find jacket and the match sooner so I
was my family and I'll probably be back
late tonight I mean main make tonight a
um how to make a highlight collage
bonder collages I hadn't made one in my
binder and I ready so I couldn't make
the video and I know I tried to make one
and I did pretty good at it so tonight I
might make one I'm not really sure but
if not then tomorrow I will try my
hardest to get that video up I may I was
her hardest to get um I had another
video that was requested to but I really
had thing wit was um oh also I had a um
how I organized my binder request study
tips class but i might do those videos
for when I do start school because I
have to get my schedule changed because
they got any class out it wasn't
supposed to happen so I look at my
schedule change on the first day of
school and then I'll do those videos so
that's basically all I wanted to tell
you guys if you have any questions just
leave it in the comments below message
me anything and I'll get back to you
guys I promise so um I'll see you guys
later talk to you guys later